Course three is really a story
of something old
and something new.
Today, we begin our journey and
reinforce our learning with
function approximation.
In a way, this is totally
new because we will for
the first time discuss
objective functions,
gradient descent,
parameterized functions
and generalization
discrimination.
But, you're totally ready for it.
The ideas of exploration
exploitation,
value functions policies,
and many of the elements
you've already
learned about transfer
in a natural way to the function
approximation setting.
The beginning of
course, represents
a significant change
in perspective.
We need to change our focus
to learning
parameterized functions.
We will no longer
assume we can store
the values for all
states in a table.
In fact, we can't even
guarantee we will
see the same state
more than once.
Instead, we'll learn functions
parameterized by set of weights,
like a neural network to
approximate the values.
We won't be able to get
this approximation perfect.
That means in some states,
we'll have to be okay with
the value function
being inaccurate.
Despite this, the move
to parameterize
value functions is actually
overall positive because
of generalization.
In fact, this better
reflects how we learn.
You generalize your predictions
about how much work
you'll have to do in
this class based on experience
taking other classes.
The concepts will become
a bit more technical.
We will reason about
the distribution of
states our agents
encounter and how that
impacts the accuracy
of the value function.
We'll compute the gradient of
objective functions and
derive new learning rules.
At this point of specialization,
you've learned about many things.
Now we're going to learn
about a bunch of new things.
It's easy to get lost.
Worse, you might lose sight
of which algorithms are
most relevant for
the given task at hand.
To help with this, we've
developed a course map.
The idea is that you should
be able to start at the top of
the tree and work
your way down to
the algorithm that best
fits your problem.
Remember, this is a course map.
It does not include all
the algorithms in RL,
just the ones we
have talked about.
The map is designed to summarize
the algorithms in this course.
It is not necessarily
the best way to
categorize the broader set
of algorithms in RL.
So use this as a mental
model of the course itself.
Let's remind ourselves what
we've covered in course
one and two using the map.
We started by assuming
the agent could
perfectly represent
the values in a table.
We did this to focus on
the fundamental concepts of
reinforced learning
without getting
bogged down by approximation.
The first RL methods
we discussed,
use a model of the world
that was given not learned.
We use dynamic
programming methods
to compute value functions
in iterative policies
from the model
without ever interacting
with the world.
The branches of this map show
all three DP algorithms
that we discussed.
In the next course, we
covered sample-based methods.
We first talked about
Monte Carlo methods which must
wait until the end of
an episode to make updates.
We'll learn about two
Monte Carlo methods
for prediction and
two for control.
After that, we introduce
you to temporal
difference learning.
This family of algorithms
allows the agent
to make updates to
the value function and policy
on each step of the episode.
Here, we learned about some of
the most widely used algorithms
from reinforcement learning
including Q-Learning,
SARSA and expected SARSA.
We finished off course two by
looping backup to model
these planning methods.
We study the Dyna
architecture in which
the agent learns a model
while interacting with the world.
For course three, we only
need the right side of this map.
We will first introduce
parameters functions and
how we can use them to
approximate value functions.
We will talk about
generalization discrimination as
well as particular
function approximators,
including course coding
and neural networks.
As before, we'll start with
prediction and derive
new Monte Carlo and
TER algorithms using ideas from
supervised learning
and gradient descent.
Then we'll talk about
control algorithms
for function approximation.
This includes expected SARSA
and Q-Learning.
After that, we will totally blow
your mind with a new way of
formulating continuing
control problems
called average reward.
We'll finish off course three
with parameterized policies.
In a nutshell, we
can parameterize
policies just like we
parameterize the value function.
We will discuss how to do this
in the average reward setting.
By the end of this course,
you will know much
of what you need to
scale RL to real problems.
You'll then get to use all
this newfound understanding to
implement a complete RL system
in course four.
So let's get to it.